So VoIP and the smart home, right.
I would imagine that, at least most,
most people's homes have
some smart aspect to it.
>> Right.
So the idea of this video
is to kind of jog your,
jog your mind, jog your imagination
to think about things that
don't exist yet or things that already
exist that you can apply the knowledge you
have acquired about throughout these
last courses in specialization and
possibly expand on everything
that you know right now.
Right.
So I wanna talk to you about, or
ask some questions to you make you
think a little bit about your home.
You know, like what VoIP applications or
internet of things applications do
you have in your house right now?
So I know that, I mean, if I think
about my house, I have the Amazon TV.
And they have a little remote control that
you can talk to, tell it to do stuff.
So it's taking my voice,
it's analyzing the data.
>> Mm-hm.
>> And it's performing tasks, right?
Perfect example of VoIP.
Now, what could you add to that?
What could you add to your house?
What could you add to an average object
in your house that's not connected?
>> Yeah.
You might think it's sort of hard
to figure out what it is, but
there's there's a billion.
There's probably like, you can make
everything in your house smart, right?
It's your home.
>> Yeah, and I mean,
there are certain limitations, but
I mean as technology advances,
there are so many things that you
can start adding technology to,
to have it connect to everything else.
Now, see that little doorbell up
on the slide, it's just a basic
old school doorbell, hit the button and
it rings in your house, right?
Well there's a company out there,
right over here called Ring.
You can kinda see this new-age doorbell,
it has a little camera on there.
But even the most basic,
mundane object of your house,
like the doorbell, can be made to
create a more safe environment,
a more interactive environment, and an
overall more efficient environment for you
living there and for the people who are
trying to get in touch with you, right?
S.
Now, you're not home.
And someone comes to your house.
Just think it, like let's think
a good person comes to your house.
Rings the bell, looking for
you, it's a friend.
Well, this doorbell pings your cell phone,
the camera activates, the microphone
activates, and all of a sudden you have
an open video VoIP call with the person
that´s standing at your door.
>> It´s pretty sweet.
>> From your cell phone,
you´re somewhere else in the world,
who knows where you are.
But, you're talking to
someone at your front door.
Sorry, you know I'm in
Australia right now.
>> Or I'm shopping.
You gotta-
>> [LAUGH] I'm shopping, yeah.
>> You gotta wait for a little bit.
>> That being said, that's a good person.
What if a bad person comes to your house
and they're just scoping your house
seeing if anyone's home because they wanna
steal your Christmas presents, but no.
Because they ring your doorbell to see if
someone's home, and you answer it, and
they're like oh shoot, okay,
well I don't know you at the door.
But, you don't know me either, so
it's kind of an awkward confrontation,
you've saved your Christmas,
Christmas presents.
>> Yep, right.
>> All right.
So that's just a simple example of how you
can turn a basic object in your house,
or even right outside your
house into something.
>> We have more examples, don't we?
>> Very connected, yes.
I don't know if any of you have any pets,
but I have two cats.
So I thought this was
really interesting and
I'm actually trying to build one myself.
I've seen a friend of mine do
something similar, very interactive.
But what if you could talk to your dog or
cat from work?
Right, so, using the DragonBoard 410c, you
could create something similar to this.
This is obviously a device
that you can buy somewhere.
You can see the pictures up there.
That already comes already pre-programmed,
but, where's the fun in that?
You wanna build your
own internet of things.
>> Like why do we have this,
do it yourself?
Kind of thing.
>> Do it yourself.
So you get a camera,
you get your VoIP applications set up,
and you set it up in your house.
And look at that, you can have your
very own application from your work.
Call in from your phone to
your Dragonboard at home.
And talk to your dog, you know?
>> [LAUGH]
>> Put a little monitor there.
>> Or maybe not just your dog.
Maybe you have a baby at home.
You can check up on him just in case.
>> You leave the baby at home?
[LAUGH]
>> I'm not a parent, so [LAUGH]
>> Yeah, or a baby, I guess.
>> Or maybe
>> [LAUGH]
>> Maybe the babysitter at home and
you wanna check up on the babysitter.
>> There you go.
That sounds better.
So you're checking up on the babysitter.
>> [LAUGH]
>> There's, again, lots of applications.
I thought that this particular one
was really cool so a little story.
During a Machine Intelligence Class
that I took here,
in short of machine intelligence, someone
in the class actually developed a really
cool application using a microcontroller,
a system on chip similar to this.
Not as powerful even.
But what he could do is he could use
his computer, establish a connection,
a VoIP connection or, just a,
I wanna call it EoIP,
everything over internet
protocol connection.
And what would happen,
is he was able to control a laser pointer,
okay.
So he would have a video
camera that would pop up.
All of a sudden, his dog would run
into the room, because he would know
that the camera started moving
on these stepper motors, right.
You've learned how to program.
He could move the camera around,
he could control a laser pointer,
he could even release dog treats.
He had a button that he could push
that would drop a dog treat and
he could watch his dog.
He could talk to his dog.
He could push a button and then project
sound out through a speaker using
one of the headers on the board or
even the USB.
So, the-
>> Pretty sweet.
>> Options are endless.
>> Pretty awesome.
>> Yeah.
Anyways, that's pretty much ways
to make your home smarter, right.
These are just things that exist now.
You can expand on these ideas,
make them your own.
You could create them yourself, or you
could think of something that's not out
there yet, and make millions of dollars.
>> And remember that everything
could become smarter.
You'd think, remember the doorbell,
or the, yeah the door.
>> The doorbell.
>> Doorbell?
>> Yeah, ring.
>> I said it later.
[LAUGH]
>> [LAUGH]
>> The ring, yeah the ring.
Maybe you wouldn't have thought of that,
but these guys did.
They're making money off of it.
It's pretty sweet.
>> Yeah, so
we look forward to hearing your ideas.
Get thinking, walk around your house and
find something that's not smart yet, and
see if you can make it smart.
Use some sensors, or some motors,
and do something fun.
But yeah, anyways,
we'll see you in the next video.